Updating documentation for Arcade validation policy and process (#5452)
dotnet/arcade: Documentation/Validation/Overview.md

2. Arcade validation [official build](https://dnceng.visualstudio.com/internal/_build?definitionId=282) 
is triggered. This will validate the version which was just “pushed” by Arcade
3. The following process updates are only valid for the current development branch of Arcade and will not affect release or servicing branches. 

>     1. During the Arcade validation process, we will use the latest build in the bell-weather repositories (e.g. `dotnet/runtime`, `dotnet/aspnetcore`, and `dotnet/installer`) to validate Arcade against. If the latest build in the repository is failing, we will not validate against that repository. 

Reviewer: Apparently it's "bellwether"  (who knew)

>     1. During the Arcade validation process, we will use the latest build in the bell-weather repositories (e.g. `dotnet/runtime`, `dotnet/aspnetcore`, and `dotnet/installer`) to validate Arcade against. If the latest build in the repository is failing, we will not validate against that repository. 

Author: ```suggestion
    1. During the Arcade validation process, we will use the latest build in the bellwether repositories (e.g. `dotnet/runtime`, `dotnet/aspnetcore`, and `dotnet/installer`) to validate Arcade against. If the latest build in the repository is failing, we will not validate against that repository. 
```
